4.11 Explain what happens when a Java program attempts to divide one integer by another.
What happens to the fractional part of the calculation? How can you avoid that outcome?

	Dividing two integers results in integer division—any fractional part of the calculation
	is lost (i.e., truncated).

4.12 Describe the two ways in which control statements can be combined.

	Control-Statement Stacking. Connect the exit point of one statement to the entry point of another.

	Control-Statement Nesting. One control statement appears inside another.

4.13 What type of repetition would be appropriate for calculating the sum of the first 100 positive
integers?What type would be appropriate for calculating the sum of an arbitrary number of positive
integers? Briefly describe how each of these tasks could be performed.

	Counter-Controlled Repetition would be appropriate for calculating the sum of the first 100 
	positive integers.

		Uses a counter (or control variable) to control the number of times a set of statements
		will execute.

	Sentinel-Controlled Repetition would be appropriate for calculating the sum of an arbitrary 
	number of positive integers.

		use a special value called a sentinel value (also called a signal value, a dummy value 
		or a flag value) to indicate “end of data entry.” A sentinel value must be chosen that 
		cannot be confused with an acceptable input value.

4.14 What is the difference between preincrementing and postincrementing a variable?

	Preincrementing causes a variable to be incremented by 1, then the new value of the variable is used
	in the expression in which it is used.

	Postincrementing causes the current value of tge variable to be used in tge expression in which it 
	appears then the variable's value is incremented

4.15 
	a) There should not be a semi-colon at the end of the first line, and
	   the ending quotation mark should be inside the parentheses in the second line.

	b) 

	c) There are no opening or closing braces

	d) There is no close brace
